Computer-aided detection and classification of microcalcifications in mammograms: a survey - 所有 3 个版本 ?
HD Cheng, X Cai, X Chen, L Hu, X Lou - Pattern Recognition, 2003 - Elsevier
Breast cancer continues to be a significant public health problem in the world. Approximately, 182,000 new cases of 
breast cancer are diagnosed and 46,000 women die of breast cancer each year in the United States. Even more ... 
被引用次数：56 - 相关文章 - 网页搜索 - 图书馆搜索 

SVM and Neural Networks comparison in mammographic CAD - 所有 2 个版本 ?
CJ Garcia-Orellana, R Gallardo-Caballero, M Macias … - Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society, 2007. EMBS 2007 …, 2007 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
... [3] HP Chan, K. Doi, CJ Vyborny, KL Lam, and RA Schmidt. Computer-aided detection
of microcalcifications in mammograms C methodology and preliminary clinical study.
Invest. Radiol., 23(9):664C671, 1988. [4] EA Sickles. Mammographic features ... 
相关文章 - 网页搜索 


A Computer Aided Detection System for Digital Mammograms Based on Radial Basis Functions and Feature … - 所有 2 个版本 ?
M Jirari - Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society, 2005. IEEE-EMBS …, 2005 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
... 10, No. 6, pp. 369-375. [15] Chitre Y, Dhawan A and Moskowtz M. Artificial Neural
Network Based Classification of Mammographic Microcalcifications Using Image Structure
Features in State In The Art of Digital Mammographic Image Analysis. World ... 
被引用次数：1 - 相关文章 - 网页搜索 

Features selection analysis for pattern classification
R Piriyakul, P Piamsa-nga - Communications, 2007. APCC 2007. Asia-Pacific Conference on, 2007 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
... The first stage was looking for the suspected microcalcification and the second
stage was the classifier which depends on 61 features. [1] GRNN and SVM (Supervised
Machine Learning) were used to investigate the discriminatory power of the features ... 
相关文章 - 网页搜索 

Shape-based and texture-based feature extraction for classification of microcalcifications in … - 所有 6 个版本 ?
H Soltanian-Zadeh, S Pourabdollah-Nezhad, F Rafiee … - PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, 2001 - radiologyresearch.org
This paper presents and compares two image processing methods for differentiating benign from malignant 
microcalcifications in mammograms. The gold standard method for differentiating benign from malignant ... 
被引用次数：7 - 相关文章 - 网页搜索 

Mammographic masses characterization based on localized texture and dataset fractal analysis using … - 所有 4 个版本 ?
ME Mavroforakis, HV Georgiou, N Dimitropoulos, D … - Artificial Intelligence In Medicine, 2006 - Elsevier
Localized texture analysis of breast tissue on mammograms is an issue of major importance in mass characterization. 
However, in contrast to other mammographic diagnostic approaches, it has not been investigated in depth, due to its ... 
被引用次数：6 - 相关文章 - 网页搜索 - 图书馆搜索 

Characterization of clustered microcalcifications in digitized mammograms using neural networks and … - 所有 4 个版本 ?
A Papadopoulos, DI Fotiadis, A Likas - Artificial Intelligence In Medicine, 2005 - Elsevier
... Although the obtained high classification performance can be successfully applied
to microcalcification clusters characterization, further studies must be carried
out ... it would be interesting to experiment with image fusion techniques to combine ... 
被引用次数：15 - 相关文章 - 网页搜索 - 图书馆搜索 

Automated detection of microcalcification clusters for digital breast tomosynthesis using projection …
I Reiser, RM Nishikawa, AV Edwards, DB Kopans, RA … - Medical Physics, 2008 - link.aip.org
... MF.Salfity, RM.Nishikawa, Y.Jiang, and J.Papaioannou, “The use of a priori information
in the detection of mammographic microcalcifications to improve their classification,”
“The use of a priori information in the detection of mammographic ... 
相关文章 - 网页搜索 

Detection of microcalcifications clusters in mammograms through TS-MRF segmentation and SVM-based … - 所有 6 个版本 ?
TOC View - Pattern Recognition, 2004. ICPR 2004. Proceedings of the …, 2004 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
... projections of the two n-dimensional vectors u and v in the feature space F. It
is worth noting that f(z) provides the signed distance of the point ... It contains 40
digitized mammographic images composed of both oblique and craniocaudal views ... 
被引用次数：6 - 相关文章 - 网页搜索 


A CAD system for the detection of mammography microcalcifications based on Gabor transform
E Catanzariti, G Forni, A Lauria, R Prevete, M … - Nuclear Science Symposium Conference Record, 2004 IEEE, 2004 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
Abstract― Breast cancer is the first cause of death among women in Europe. Many studies have shown that the early 
diagnosis is the most efficient way to fight this disease. With this in mind, Computer Aided Detection (CAD) ... 
被引用次数：2 - 相关文章 - 网页搜索 

Analysis of mammographic microcalcifications using acomputationally efficient filter bank - 所有 9 个版本 ?
TO Gulsrud - Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing, 2001. Proceedings. …, 2001 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
ABSTRACT We present a new method for classification of malignant and be- nign clusters of microcalcifications in digital 
mammograms. A computationally efficient infinite impulse response (IIR) quadra- ture mirror filter (QMF) bank is ... 
被引用次数：2 - 相关文章 - 网页搜索 

Method and system for segmentation and detection of microcalcifications from digital mammograms - 所有 4 个版本 ?
SK Rogers, P Amburn, TS Berkey, RP Broussard, MP … - US Patent 6,167,146, 2000 - freepatentsonline.com
A method and system for detecting and displaying clustered microcalcifications in a digital mammogram, wherein a single 
digital mammogram is first automatically cropped to a breast area sub-image which is then processed by means of an ... 
被引用次数：3 - 相关文章 - 网页快照 - 网页搜索 

Shape analysis of microcalcifications using Radon transform - 所有 2 个版本 ?
L Bocchi, J Nori - Medical Engineering and Physics, 2007 - Elsevier
Microcalcifications are one of the early signs of breast cancer, and they are of great importance for an early 
diagnosis. Moreover, the spatial distribution and the shape of the microcalcifications have a significant impact in ... 
被引用次数：1 - 相关文章 - 网页搜索 - 图书馆搜索 

Mammography Feature Selection using Rough set Theory
A Pethalakshmi, K Thangavel, P Jaganathan - Advanced Computing and Communications, 2006. ADCOM 2006. …, 2006 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
Microcalcification on x-ray mammogram is a significant mark for early detection of breast cancer. Texture analysis 
methods can be applied to detect clustered microcalcification in digitized mammograms. In order to improve the ... 
相关文章 - 网页搜索 

Method for determining features from detections in a digital image using a bauer-fisher ratio - 所有 2 个版本 ?
SK Rogers, MP DeSimio - US Patent 6,757,415, 2004 - freepatentsonline.com
A computer aided detection method and system to assist radiologists in the reading of medical images. The method and 
system has particular application to the area of mammography including detection of clustered microcalcifications ... 
相关文章 - 网页快照 - 网页搜索 

A Feature Analysis Approach to Mass Detection in Mammography Based on RF-SVM
Y Wang, X Gao, J Li - Image Processing, 2007. ICIP 2007. IEEE International …, 2007 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
A new approach to mass detection in mammography is presented. The main obstacle of building a mass detection system is 
the similar appearance between masses and density tissues in breast. Hence, the various features of the extracted ... 
相关文章 - 网页搜索 

Characterization of mammographic masses based on level set segmentation with new image features and … - 所有 2 个版本 ?
J Shi, B Sahiner, HP Chan, J Ge, L Hadjiiski, MA … - Medical Physics, 2008 - link.aip.org
... compare the effect of new features, we designed classifiers in three feature spaces:
(1) the previous mammographic feature space that contained the morphological, RLS,
and spiculation features, (2) the new mammographic feature space that contained ... 
被引用次数：1 - 相关文章 - 网页搜索 

Image segmentation feature selection and pattern classification for mammographic microcalcifications - 所有 5 个版本 ?
JC Fu, SK Lee, STC Wong, JY Yeh, AH Wang, HK Wu - Computerized Medical Imaging and Graphics, 2005 - Elsevier
... doi:10.1016/j.compmedimag.2005.03.002 How to Cite or Link Using DOI (Opens New Window)
Copyright ? 2005 Elsevier Ltd All rights reserved. Image segmentation feature selection
and pattern classification for mammographic microcalcifications. ... 
被引用次数：7 - 相关文章 - 网页搜索 - 图书馆搜索 

… , wavelet, Haralick, and shape features for microcalcification classification in mammograms - 所有 2 个版本 ?
H Soltanian-Zadeh, F Rafiee-Rad, S Pourabdollah- … - Pattern Recognition, 2004 - Elsevier
... Wavelet transform has been used for mammographic image compression [19], image
enhancement [20 and 21], microcalcification detection [22], and feature extraction
[23]. ... Before extracting the shape features, microcalcifications should be segmented ... 
被引用次数：18 - 相关文章 - 网页搜索 - 图书馆搜索 

Effect of Computer-Aided Detection on Mammographic Performance: Experimental Study on Readers with … - 所有 7 个版本 ?
K Hukkinen, T Vehmas, M Pamilo, L Kivisaari - Acta Radiologica, 2006 - ingentaconnect.com
... 4 comprised 2 novice radiologists and 2 residents who had experience in clinical
mammography ranging from ... area and character of suspected pathological lesions: stellate
mass, circular mass, microcalcification, or architectural ... The right feature ... 
被引用次数：5 - 相关文章 - 网页搜索 - 图书馆搜索 

Eliminating false-positive microcalcification clusters in a mammography CAD scheme using a Bayesian … - 所有 2 个版本 ?
DC Edwards, J Papaioannou, Y Jiang, MA Kupinski, … - Proceedings of SPIE, 2004 - link.aip.org
Eliminating false-positive microcalcification clusters in a mammography CAD scheme
using a Bayesian neural ... clusters in a computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) scheme for
detecting clustered microcalcifications in mammograms ... Eight cluster-based features ... 
被引用次数：7 - 相关文章 - 网页搜索 





New Particle Swarm Optimization for Feature Selection and Classification of Microcalcifications in …
E Courses, T Surveys - Signal Processing, Communications and Networking, 2008. …, 2008 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
... II. SEGMENTATION OF MICROCALCIFICATIONS Feature Selection Before extracting the
texture features, GA NPSO microcalcifications should be segmented from the GA
background of the mammographic images [15,17]. In X __ this paper, microcalcifications ... 
网页搜索 

Relevance vector machine for automatic detection of clustered microcalcifications - 所有 3 个版本 ?
L Wei, Y Yang, RM Nishikawa, MN Wernick, A Edwards - Medical Imaging, IEEE Transactions on, 2005 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
... RVM is based on Bayesian estimation theory, of which a distinctive feature is that
it can yield a sparse decision function that is defined by only a very small number
of so ... Index Terms―Breast cancer detection, computer-aided di- agnosis, mammography ... 
被引用次数：16 - 相关文章 - 网页搜索 


Mammographic masses characterization based on localized texture and dataset fractal analysis using … - 所有 4 个版本 ?
ME Mavroforakis, HV Georgiou, N Dimitropoulos, D … - Artificial Intelligence In Medicine, 2006 - Elsevier
... Many studies have been focused on the general issue of texture analysis on mammographic
images, in ... 19] and [20], since the task of localization of tumors or microcalcifications
is, apart ... difficulty, the selection of optimal parameters and configuration ... 
被引用次数：6 - 相关文章 - 网页搜索 - 图书馆搜索 

A neural-genetic algorithm for feature selection and breast abnormality classification in digital … - 所有 3 个版本 ?
P Zhang, B Verma, K Kumar - Neural Networks, 2004. Proceedings. 2004 IEEE International …, 2004 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
... The obtained results show that different types of breast abnormality should use
different features for classification. ... In mammography breast abnormalities can be
easily divided into exhibiting microcalcification, and other lesions. ... 
被引用次数：9 - 相关文章 - 网页搜索 

SVM Based System for classification of Microcalcifications in Digital Mammograms - 所有 3 个版本 ?
S Singh, V Kumar, HK Verma, D Singh - Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society, 2006. EMBS'06. …, 2006 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
... 589C597, 1996. [16] AP Dhawan, Y. Chitre, M. Moskowitz, and E. Gruenstein,
“Classification of mammographic microcalcification and structural features using
an artificial neural network,” Annual International Conference of the IEEE Engineering ... 
相关文章 - 网页搜索 



Automatic detection of clustered microcalcifications in digital mammograms using mathematical … - 所有 2 个版本 ?
S Halkiotis, T Botsis, M Rangoussi - Signal Processing, 2007 - Elsevier
... Each candidate object is marked as such, using a binary image. The original mammogram
is used for the final feature extraction step. ... Keywords: Microcalcifications;
Mammography; Mathematical morphology; Dynamics; Neural networks; Radial basis ... 
被引用次数：1 - 相关文章 - 网页搜索 - 图书馆搜索 

An Approach Based on Immune Algorithm and SVM for Detection and Classification of …
T Yang, S Guo, X Wu, X Wu - Bioinformatics and Biomedical Engineering, 2007. ICBBE 2007. …, 2007 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
... Meanwhile, an IA based MCs’ features selector is provided to select an optimal feature
subset, which can ... Keywords-computer aided diagnose; immune algorithm; mammogram;
microcalcification; support vector machine ... Mammography is one of the most ... 
相关文章 - 网页搜索 

A Novel Wavelet-Statistics Based Feature Detection System for Detecting Microcalcifications
KL Lee, M Orr, B Lithgow - Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society, 2005. IEEE-EMBS …, 2005 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
... [5] Zheng, B., Qian, W. and Clarke, LP, Digital Mammography: Mixed Feature Neural
Network with Spectral Entropy Decision for ... [9] Song, Dansheng, Qian, Wei and Clarke,
Laurence P., Digital Mammography: Hybrid M-Channel Wavelet Transform for ... 
网页搜索 


Ant colony Optimization for Feature Selection and Classification of Microcalcifications in Digital …
M Karnan, K Thangavel, R Sivakuar, K Geetha - Advanced Computing and Communications, 2006. ADCOM 2006. …, 2006 - ieeexplore.ieee.org
... 2. Segmentation of Microcalcifications Before extracting the texture features,
microcalcifications should be segmented from the background of the mammographic
images [25]. In this paper, microcalcifications are segmented using Ant Colony ... 
网页搜索 






